you can get it okay Clint
sella nice to meet you yeah nanny Ola
ma'am uh nice to meet you too
all right so before we get harnessed up
and you can go ahead and explain the
gear a little bit you got two safety
lines one long one one short one red and
blue the colors will come into play a
little bit later you also have your
pulley you have blue pulley you use it
with your blue safety line when you hook
it to the wire you want to make sure you
go all the way through both those rungs
you just way to remember it blue and
blue all the way through and then
finally a last thing is you have your
green attachment point you use that for
all the ladder attachments and for the
Tarzan swing when you're not using your
pulley you have this black strap right
here you can use just slide it through
both of those rungs and clips up all
right so once we get to a ladder
each beginning of each site we do have
these ladders to attach to the safety
system this is called a safety stop Paul
I apologize um it works exactly it does
exactly what it sounds like stops you
from falling it works just like a
seatbelt if you fall it'll lock up on
you but also if you go up too fast it'll
lock up on you so if that happens you
just want to step down I'm wrong or two
and then go back up it'll release and
you can keep going to attach to it you
do just like you do with the Tarzan
swing do your green hook first and then
move one of your safety lines at a time
up to this red loop well used to be to
that red cable and then green hook comes
up last again first on that soft so once
you at the top you see we do have to
always stay attached to sign just to
remind you in case you forget so now
once you get to a crossing if you're not
sure how to go across it we do have
signs before each of them so you can
refer to you don't have to do it like
the sign says but in case you're unsure
you can always look at the signs we've
got you attached to it just like your
practice we'll move all the way through
grab one behind the pulley from the red
buffer be ready to cross you fear of
heights I know it's cliche but I
encourage you not to look down
investing your time stay focused on the
opposite tree like how high the highest
point on site 5 is 40 feet will see 40
feet high and what is the distance this
one horizontally from tree to tree it
depends on the crossing different ones
are you know we have different different
obstacles for each one of them so it
kind of depends on average is the
average this would be short we'll see
that's what I was gonna ask like is
there any chance you might get stuck
right in the middle and you don't swing
or is that like a physics question that
you just wait you swing your legs to
move in in most cases if you are stuck
in the middle it's gonna be in on some
of the harder crossings and there's
always something that you can grab onto
and times they do this is actually just
one of the different types of crossings
a lot of them will have planks about two
wires have planks between em so you're
just walking across a bridge
you're not going far you just sit in
your harness catch your breath until
you're ready to go from here you have
two options you can either slide
yourself over or you can reach up grab
pull yourself up get your footing and
then finish the crosses because I'm
shorter because we're shorter I don't
think we can't reach the cable over
there might decide what's actually it's
only holding you this far so it
shouldn't as long you should be able to
once you get up here you can test it and
make sure but yeah I mean like I said
there's always somebody out patrolling
too so if there is a problem you do get
stuck so
on the ground that can either talk you
through it it will come up and help